Welcome to the Map Help Page!

This page displays info about the Map page and all the functionality:

The map page displays a map and a toolbar with functions and a textbox.
On the map all the chargings station in the database will be shown.
Clicking a station on the Map will display the full information about that station in the text box in the toolbar.
In the toolbar there a 3 main functions; Plan a trip, Filter Stations and Add station. These are described in more detail below.

Plan a Trip:
This function will show a route on the map with instructions from the start location to the end location given.
To plan a trip enter a start location and an end location into the text fields either by typing in an address or clicking on the map and selecting autofill.

Once done click the 'Go!' button and the map will display the route from the start location to the end location.
These markers at the start and end locations are also draggable so feel free to move it around and the route and instructions will change accordingly.
To add a stop simply click the button and enter in the address on the stop and click the 'Go!' button again to apply that new route. A maximum of 3 stops can be added.
To remove the route click the 'Remove Route' button and this will remove the route from the map and also reset the text boxes.

The Filter Station function:
This function will hide the stations in the table that don't fit the filters given.
To filter the stations in the table (this will also apply to the data page) the options are:

Search with station name:
This will hide all the stations that don't have the input as either the address or name.

Distance (Kilometer):
This will hide all the stations that are outside the distance given from the slider from a point selected on the map.

Time Limit (Minutes):
This will hide all the stations that have a time limit a below the value given from the slider.

Is 24 Hour:
This will hide all the stations that aren't available 24 hours.

No Carpark Cost:
This will hide all the stations that have a carpark cost.

No Charging Cost:
This will hide all the stations that have a charging cost.

Has Tourist Attraction:
This will hide all the stations that don't have a tourist attraction.

Once selected, clicking the 'Filter' button will apply those filters.
To reset back to all the stations just click the 'Reset Filter' button.
